hey everyone we're in New Jersey it's
freezing and I don't have a cameraman
today but I figured there's one move I
can do on my own with the camera which
is one of my favorite things from
wrestling which isn't a big move but I
think it'll be cool to do which is the
Ric Flair face ball you know and he's
getting beat up and usually he'll come
out of the corner and look like he's
alright and then falls face flat so
let's do it
this is not as easy as it looks
when you do this bump you want to land
with most of your weight right here the
shoulder and chest you put out your
right hand to slow you down but you
don't want to put it out too earlier or
too far before you fall because of
course you want to break your fall a
little bit with your right hand but not
so much that it ruins the face bump a
lot of times when Ric Flair does this I
think it looks cooler when he's going
backwards and then you kick out your
left leg that'll begin your fall forward
so land with most of the impact right
here put your hand your right hand out
to slow yourself down a little bit there
you go